{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c84314;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19920\viewh12720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 generative text purpose - \
\
\
Emoji. Emoji is something I have taken under my wing - working at mostly male workplaces and spamming people with them is one of my favorite activites. text a straight man you won\'92t get NO emojis. Maybe a fire emoji. What emojis are femme and which are masc? how is gender expressed thru emojis? Do designers know it? Which emojis do the creators know will create annoyance? Are all of them that way? \
\
Judith Butler paraphrase - \'93I cannot express that which I cannot say - language confines what I can express\'94 \
\
saddd reaxxx omg sad omg sad sad! cry face\
\
Artifice? \
\
emoji in getting attention charli xCx as branding? \
\
Does color add to a phone\'92s addictiveness? the color of the characters? Emotive burnout? It adds emotion to text. Do we mimic emotions of emojis? What is universal in the sense of emotion? \
\
I know in the early days - emojis were bad, I had so many things to say that I felt emojis had no way of expressing. rolling eyes, dismay, idk! shit was frustrating.\
\
\
Linguistics? Is there a syntax to emoji? When emojis are being used as a descriptor. What is the ordering of emojis? Typically, there is an agent & a patient in simple sentences, the actor and the acted upon. When this happens, people typically put the actor before the acted, such as in a sentence.\
\
\

\fs22 \'93\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
People aren\'92t using emojis as a substitute for language, they\'92re using it as an addition to it, just like you wouldn\'92t want to talk in person with your hands tied behind your back and a paper bag over your head.\'94
\fs36 \
\

\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'93Texts are often only a few words long, not enough to establish a tone of voice.\'94\
\
Emojis are best used in text messages, where tone of voice is not established. Without a smily face, a winky face, we can\'92t tell what we are saying in only a sentence. We write to eachother very poorly, our thoughts are constantly chopped up by our quick, interuptive lifestyles. Emoji adds to our ability to 
\f1\i gesture
\f0\i0 . We can not gesture with \'93okay yeah sounds good\'94\
\
\
Everything we read from one another is getting shorter and shorter. we\'92re at a party constantly! in a crowd of people constantly, getting little \
\
this is why emoji narratives SUCK! They\'92re substanceless. 
\fs26 \

\fs24 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\
Giving people a tone of voice!!! Putting in text and adding an emoji. If you were to text something to someone, emoji prediction. \
\
Putting in a block of text, then choosing emojis and phrases from text to grab meaning.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://makingnoiseandhearingthings.com/2016/12/07/do-emojis-have-their-own-syntax/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 https://makingnoiseandhearingthings.com/2016/12/07/do-emojis-have-their-own-syntax/}}
\f2 \cf5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 \
http://the-toast.net/2016/06/29/a-linguist-explains-emoji-and-what-language-death-actually-looks-like/\
https://blog.elevateapp.com/are-emoji-the-death-of-grammar-82527f019c68\
}